add additional reference to wiki article for MAD (#332)
nf-core/differentialabundance: assets/differentialabundance_report.Rmd

if (any(iv_min_group_sizes > 2)){
    cat("\n### Outlier detection {.tabset}\n")

>     cat("\nOutlier detection based on [median absolute deviation](https://wiki.arrayserver.com/wiki/index.php?title=CorrelationQC.pdf) was undertaken, the outlier scoring is plotted below. For more on MAD, see [this wiki article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_absolute_deviation).\n")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cat("\nOutlier detection based on [median absolute deviation](https://archive.ph/o3thZ) was undertaken, the outlier scoring is plotted below. For more on MAD, see [this wiki article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_absolute_deviation).\n")
```
